Add connected experiences to privacy whitepaper (#2574)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md

In **Guest** mode, autofill is not available and new autofill entries aren't added.  For **InPrivate** mode, Microsoft Edge offers autofill entries, but new autofill entries aren't added.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Bing Chat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bing chat
```
style, look-and-feel decision: considerations:
* corp style guide: for headings, use sentence case (it would be 'chat').
* In UI capture in [the section](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/majenny/ComposePrivacy/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md#bing-chat), it's **Chat**. 
* In body of section, it's "Bing chat".

> Bing chat is an AI-enhanced web search experience. It supports users by summarizing web search results and providing a chat experience. Users can also generate creative content, such as poems, jokes, and letters. The new AI-enhanced Bing runs on a variety of advanced technologies from Microsoft and OpenAI, including GPT-4, a cutting-edge large language model (LLM) from OpenAI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bing Chat is an AI-enhanced web search experience. It supports users by summarizing web search results and providing a chat experience. Users can also generate creative content, such as poems, jokes, and letters. The new AI-enhanced Bing runs on a variety of advanced technologies from Microsoft and OpenAI, including GPT-4, a cutting-edge large language model (LLM) from OpenAI.
```
* Uppercase "Chat" - imo we're talking about a feature, that's presented mainly as just **Chat** in the UI.

> When a user enters a prompt in the new Bing, the prompt, recent conversation history, the meta prompt, page context, and top search results are sent as inputs to the LLM. The model generates a response using the page context, user’s prompt, and recent conversation history to contextualize the request, the meta prompt to align responses with Microsoft AI Principles and user expectations, and the search results to ground responses in existing, high-ranking content from the web.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user enters text in a prompt in the new Bing, the prompt, recent conversation history, the meta prompt, page context, and top search results are sent as inputs to the LLM. The model generates a response using the page context, user’s prompt, and recent conversation history to contextualize the request, the meta prompt to align responses with Microsoft AI Principles and user expectations, and the search results to ground responses in existing, high-ranking content from the web.  
```
* "text in" - not sure if this is always text, or a variety of UI controls settings/values.

> Responses are presented to users in several different formats, such as traditional links to web content, AI generated summarizations, and chat responses. Summarizations and chat responses that rely on web search results will include references and a “Learn more” section below the responses, with links to search results that were used to ground the response.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Responses are presented to users in several different formats, such as traditional links to web content, AI-generated summarizations, and chat responses. Summarizations and chat responses that rely on web search results include references and a "Learn more" section below the responses, which contains links to search results that were used to ground the response.  
```
* "AI-generated" - compound adjective, hyphenate. (per style guide)
* "Learn more" - straight quotes per Doc Contributor Guide.
* avoiding "with" - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with

> Page context comprises of both page URL and the text on the webpage or local document open in the main pane. This data is only used after explicit consent from the user and only when the chat pane is open. User can close the chat pane if they want to stop the data sharing temporarily or permanently update their preferences in the Edge settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The page context consists of both the page URL and the text on the webpage (or in a local document open in the main pane). This data is only used after explicit consent from the user and only when the chat pane is open. The user can close the chat pane if they want to temporarily stop the data sharing, or can permanently update their preferences in the Microsoft Edge settings.
```
* "comprise" --> "consists" - https://www.ahdictionary.com/word/search.html?q=comprise - this would be strictly correct: "The page context comprises both ...".  "consists of" is simpler, more straightforward and commonplace.
* "Microsoft" before Edge, per repo convention.

> ![BingChatPane](./media/bingchat.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Bing Chat pane](./media/bingchat.png)
```
i wonder if i entered an Outdated comment to fix this

gh rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/majenny/ComposePrivacy/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md#bing-chat

Reviewer 2: Note that we've gotten rid of the various "media" folders in the repository. Now, images that appear in an article must be in a folder named after the article (with the "-images" suffix).

In this case, all new images here should go to `microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index-images/`.

Reviewer 2: I will move the images in a new commit.

> Conversations on public pages are automatically saved for future reference (You can opt out of auto-saving). If conversation moves to a private page / local documents / or pages behind paywalls, conversation will not be saved to protect users’ privacy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversations on public pages are automatically saved for future reference (you can opt out of auto-saving). If a conversation moves to a private page, local document, or a page behind a paywall, the conversation won't be saved, to protect users' privacy. 
```
* Straight quote per Docs Contrib Guide
* Lowercase in mid-sentence
* List spacing, 
* Singular usually clearer than plural

> Bing chat can also perform scoped Edge actions on user command. For example, sending “Help me organize my tabs into groups” on Bing chat will invoke the existing Group similar tabs feature. This enables users to discover advanced Edge settings and take actions by just typing commands in chat in natural language. Edge does not store or use any information passed along to Bing chat to complete the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Bing chat can also perform scoped Microsoft Edge actions on user command. For example, sending "Help me organize my tabs into groups" on Bing chat will invoke the existing **Group similar tabs** feature. This enables users to discover advanced Microsoft Edge settings and take actions by just typing commands in chat in natural language. Microsoft Edge doesn't store or use any information that's passed along to Bing chat to complete the action.
```

> Like any other transformational technology, Bing chat has numerous protective measures in place that are constantly evolving. For details, please refer to [this document](https://blogs.microsoft.com/wp-content/uploads/prod/sites/5/2023/04/RAI-for-the-new-Bing-April-2023.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bing chat has numerous protective measures in place that are constantly evolving. For details, see [The new Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI](https://blogs.microsoft.com/wp-content/uploads/prod/sites/5/2023/04/RAI-for-the-new-Bing-April-2023.pdf).
```
https://blogs.microsoft.com/wp-content/uploads/prod/sites/5/2023/04/RAI-for-the-new-Bing-April-2023.pdf

* Strike "Like any other transformational technology, " - imo, too marketing/ unnecessarily promotional.

* Per style guide & repo policy, try to make link text match destination title or heading - usually gives a big improvement in preventing navigation disorientation.

In **Guest** mode, autofill is not available and new autofill entries aren't added.  For **InPrivate** mode, Microsoft Edge offers autofill entries, but new autofill entries aren't added.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Bing Chat in Microsoft Edge sidebar

In Bing Chat in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can ask complex questions, find comprehensive answers, get summarized information, and find inspiration to build upon, in a side-by-side view, with no need to flip between tabs.

To open Bing Chat in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, click the **Bing Chat** (![Bing Chat icon.](./index-images/bing-icon.png)) icon (**Ctrl+Shift+.**) in the upper right of the Microsoft Edge toolbar:

![Summarize this page](./index-images/summarize-content.png)

<!-- --------------------------------------------------------------------- -->
#### Data and consent used by Bing Chat in the sidebar

> Microsoft Edge determines what data to send to Bing Chat based on the user's **query** and their consent to share data with Microsoft.  For questions that don't need **browsing context**, such as "Help me plan a trip to Cannon Beach", Microsoft Edge shares the user's query and previous conversation history to help Bing Chat answer their query effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge determines what data to send to Bing Chat based on the user's **query** and their consent to share data with Microsoft.  For questions that don't need **browsing context**, such as "Help me plan a trip to Cannon Beach", Microsoft Edge shares the URL, page title, user's query, and previous conversation history to help Bing Chat answer their query effectively.
```

You can use the title of your collection to find relevant Pinterest Topic pages when searching in Microsoft Bing. Go to `edge://settings/privacy`. Turn on the **Show suggestions from Pinterest in Collections** setting. Microsoft Edge does not send data about your collections to Pinterest. You can remove the suggestions and stop searches for Pinterest Topic pages. Go to `edge://settings/privacy` and turn off the **Show suggestions from Pinterest in Collections** setting.
Collections aren't available when using **InPrivate** or **Guest** modes.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Compose

> In the Bing side pane, Compose uses AI to write for you starting from a short prompt and "tone", "format", and "length" selections. Text generated by Compose can be copied or inserted into the text page directly. To access Compose, click on the blue Bing icon in the right hand pane > Compose (requires Bing waitlist approval). Text and selections inputed by the user is sent to an internal Microsoft Large Language Model (LLM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Bing side pane, Compose uses AI to write for you starting from a short prompt and **Tone**, **Format**, and **Length** selections. Text generated by Compose can be copied or inserted into the text page directly. To access Compose, click the blue Bing icon in the right hand pane > **Compose** (requires Bing waitlist approval). Text and selections that are entered by the user are sent to an internal Microsoft Large Language Model (LLM).
```
https://www.ahdictionary.com/word/search.html?q=inputted - found w/ 2 t's.

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/t/that-vs-which -- "Include _that_ even if the sentence is clear without it. It helps to clarify the sentence structure."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the Bing side pane, Compose uses AI to write for you, starting from a short prompt and **Tone**, **Format**, and **Length** selections. Text that's generated by Compose can be copied or inserted into the text page directly. To access Compose, click the blue Bing icon in the right hand pane > **Compose** (requires Bing waitlist approval). Text and selections that you enter are sent to an internal Microsoft Large Language Model (LLM).
```

Just a correction to @mikehoffms's suggestion (getting rid of extra 'are'). Otherwise I agree with it.

Reviewer: i edited my Suggested Change to get rid of extra "are" in: "that are you enter are sent"

Reviewer: @majenny - pls Resolve (close) this comment, it's been incorp'd at latest https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2574/files > Compose section.

gh rendered section:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/majenny/ComposePrivacy/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md#compose

> In the Bing side pane, Compose uses AI to write for you starting from a short prompt and "tone", "format", and "length" selections. Text generated by Compose can be copied or inserted into the text page directly. To access Compose, click on the blue Bing icon in the right hand pane > Compose (requires Bing waitlist approval). Text and selections inputed by the user is sent to an internal Microsoft Large Language Model (LLM).

Reviewer: Introduce "Bing waitlist approval".  Isn't this ended?
https://www.bing.com/search?q=Bing+waitlist

I don't know what "Bing waitlist approval" means, might Find that in this article. ... "wait" doesn't appear elsewhere in the article.

Reviewer: @majenny - you might need to delete " (requires Bing waitlist approval)".  The whole "Bing waitlist" mechanism may have ended, per web search above.

Reviewer: @majenny - pls close this comment, it's been fixed at latest https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2574/files

> ![Compose](./media/compose.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Compose window](./media/compose.png)
```
alts:
Compose pane
Compose UI
Compose tool

Reviewer: @majenny - pls close this comment; latest Files Changed has the fix:
```
![Compose UI](./media/compose.png)
```

> The request is sent over a secure HTTPS connection with encryption and contains the input prompt, formatting selections, along with IDs associated with the user's Edge profile and device, to reference for subsequent requests. User input is not stored at all. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request is sent over a secure HTTPS connection with encryption. The request contains the input prompt, formatting selections, and IDs that are associated with the user's Microsoft Edge profile and device, to reference for subsequent requests. User input is not stored at all. 
```
Opportunity to format as short sentences for increased readability, b/c two distinct thoughts.

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/t/that-vs-which -- "Include _that_ even if the sentence is clear without it. It helps to clarify the sentence structure."

Reviewer: @majenny - per dandclark, you could omit ", which uses encryption." 
rendered context: 
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/majenny/ComposePrivacy/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md#compose

> The request is sent over a secure HTTPS connection with encryption and contains the input prompt, formatting selections, along with IDs associated with the user's Edge profile and device, to reference for subsequent requests. User input is not stored at all. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The request is sent over a secure HTTPS connection and contains the input prompt, formatting selections, along with IDs associated with the user's Edge profile and device, to reference for subsequent requests. User input is not stored at all. 
```

Optional suggestion: "with encryption" could be left out since that's already implied with HTTPS.

Reviewer: confirmed eg wikip: "Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is an extension of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP). It uses encryption for secure communication ".

Reviewer: @majenny pls close this comment thread.  latest https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2574/files has:
```
Requests for Compose are sent over a secure HTTPS connection. Each request contains the input prompt, formatting selections, and IDs that are associated with the user's Microsoft Edge profile and device, to reference for subsequent requests.
```

> The request is sent over a secure HTTPS connection with encryption and contains the input prompt, formatting selections, along with IDs associated with the user's Edge profile and device, to reference for subsequent requests. User input is not stored at all. 

Reviewer 3: >  User input is not stored at all.

Leaving a note here as a reminder for me to ensure that we follow up on this.

Author: Following up with Eric Tang.

Reviewer: @majenny maybe you can close this comment thread, b/c latest https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2574/files no longer has "User input is not stored at all."; it has:
```
Requests for Compose are sent over a secure HTTPS connection. 
Each request contains the input prompt, formatting selections, 
and IDs that are associated with the user's Microsoft Edge profile and device, 
to reference for subsequent requests.
```

You can use the title of your collection to find relevant Pinterest Topic pages when searching in Microsoft Bing. Go to `edge://settings/privacy`. Turn on the **Show suggestions from Pinterest in Collections** setting. Microsoft Edge does not send data about your collections to Pinterest. You can remove the suggestions and stop searches for Pinterest Topic pages. Go to `edge://settings/privacy` and turn off the **Show suggestions from Pinterest in Collections** setting.
Collections aren't available when using **InPrivate** or **Guest** modes.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Compose

> In the Bing side pane, Compose uses AI to write for you, starting from a short prompt and **Tone**, **Format**, and **Length** selections. Text that's generated by Compose can be copied or inserted into the web page directly. To access Compose, click the blue Bing icon in the right hand pane > **Compose**. Text and selections that you enter are sent to an internal Microsoft Large Language Model (LLM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Bing side pane, Compose uses AI to write for you, starting from a short prompt and **Tone**, **Format**, and **Length** selections. Text that's generated by Compose can be copied or inserted into the webpage directly. To access Compose, click the blue Bing icon in the right-hand pane > **Compose**. Text and selections that you enter are sent to an internal Microsoft Large Language Model (LLM).
```
* webpage - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/p/page

Microsoft Edge WebDriver allows developers to drive the Microsoft Edge browser using the [WebDriver protocol](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver2/).  The Microsoft Edge WebDriver is an executable file `msedgedriver.exe` separate from Microsoft Edge. Developers can call the driver from  client code, such as a test script.  By default, Microsoft Edge WebDriver sends diagnostic data such as the status of the [New Session WebDriver command](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver2/#new-session) to Microsoft.  To turn off the diagnostic data collection for Microsoft Edge WebDriver, set the `MSEDGEDRIVER_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT` environment variable to `1`.  For more information about Microsoft Edge WebDriver, see [Use WebDriver to automate Microsoft Edge automation](/microsoft-edge/webdriver-chromium).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Rewards

> Microsoft Rewards (the "Program") enables you to earn redeemable points for activities such as qualified searches, acquisitions, and other offers from Microsoft. These points can then be redeemed for gift cards or non-profit donations or automatic contributions to subscriptions. Microsoft Edge has built-in support for all existing avenues for earning points and also introduces new and exclusive means to earn more than ever. You can easily track your points, stay up to date with limited period offers to get the most out of the program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Rewards (the "Program") enables you to earn redeemable points for activities such as qualified searches, acquisitions, and other offers from Microsoft. These points can then be redeemed for gift cards or non-profit donations or automatic contributions to subscriptions. Microsoft Edge has built-in support for all existing avenues for earning points and also introduces new and exclusive means to earn more than ever. You can easily track your points, and stay up to date with limited period offers to get the most out of the program.
```
* grammar

> For non-members, Microsoft Edge presents personalized joining offers based on the page you’re on. Once you engage and choose to enroll, Edge uses your Microsoft account identity to sign you up and start the rewards service that automatically adds points to your account for searching, playing and shopping on Edge. Edge does not send your personal information or browsing data to any third-party services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For non-members, Microsoft Edge presents personalized joining offers based on the page you're on. Once you engage and choose to enroll, Microsoft Edge uses your Microsoft account identity to sign you up and start the rewards service.  The rewards service automatically adds points to your account for searching, playing and shopping on Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Edge doesn't send your personal information or browsing data to any third-party services. 
```
* separate the paragraphs via blank line.
* prefer contractions.
* this Docs repo strictly puts Microsoft before Edge per mgmt.

Periodically, Edge could also offer custom browsing streak offers for just browsing on Edge for a few minutes every day for a limited period. You can track your streak progress; points earned and discover new offers on the [Rewards dashboard](https://rewards.bing.com/) or the action center on the Edge sidebar. 

> ![RewardsDashboardUI](./media/rewardsdashboard.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Rewards Dashboard UI](./media/rewardsdashboard.png)
```

> ![RewardsDashboardUI](./media/rewardsdashboard.png)

Reviewer: in png, clear the red marks - i can help do this
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/raw/user/majenny/ComposePrivacy/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/media/rewardsdashboard.png

Reviewer: done locally

Reviewer: @majenny you can Resolve this thread.
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-2574#rewards
has cleaned-up .pngs.

> ![RewardsSidepaneUI](./media/rewardssidepane.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Rewards Sidepane UI](./media/rewardssidepane.png)
```
sidebar?
side pane?

> Rewards is an opt in program. You can choose to turn off all Rewards experiences and data sharing in the Edge settings at : edge://settings/profiles/rewards. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rewards is an opt-in program. You can choose to turn off all Rewards experiences and data sharing in the Microsoft Edge settings at `edge://settings/profiles/rewards`.
```

Reviewer: confirmed fixed

> ![RewardsSettingsUI](./media/rewardssettings.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Rewards Settings UI](./media/rewardssettings.png)
```
rendered section:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/majenny/ComposePrivacy/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md#rewards

Reviewer: confirmed fixed

> 

Reviewer: updated rewardssettings.png you can use:
![rewardssettings](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/assets/45407486/c92bb5a3-c8bd-4362-80cd-5673958861a1)
my local file: 48.1 KB (49, 343 bytes)
1041 px wide
463 px tall
My UI in upper left says "Profiles", not "My account".
This repo prefers whole window (non-maximized) screenshots, to show context eg the URL in address bar.

Reviewer: done locally.  success: same bytecount.

Reviewer: the png is incorp'd:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-2574#rewards

@majenny you can Resolve this thread.

> You can also completely opt out of the Rewards program. Please see the the details below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also opt out of the Rewards program.
```
* "completely" is confusing - is there a way to partly opt out?
* avoid 'please' per style guide.

Reviewer: confirmed fixed

> Note:
> 1.	Offers may vary by market. 
> 2.	How to earn: Microsoft Edge provides the greatest number of avenues to earn rewards points while browsing the web. 
> a.	A search is the act of an individual user manually entering text for the good faith purpose of obtaining Bing search results for such user’s own research purposes and does not include any query entered by a bot, macro, or other automated or fraudulent means of any kind ("Search").
> b.	An acquisition is the process of purchasing goods or downloading and acquiring a license for digital content from Microsoft, whether free or paid ("Acquisition"). Rewards points are not offered for every purchase from Microsoft. Microsoft may offer additional opportunities to earn points from time to time, and each point-earning offer will not be available in perpetuity.
> 3.	Device requirement: You need a valid Microsoft account, and your devices must meet the minimum [system requirements](https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/).
> 4.	Redeeming your points: You may redeem your points, or you may contribute points to a listed nonprofit organization by visiting the [redeem page](https://aka.ms/redeemrewards) or by signing up for automatic contributions to non-profit organizations through a giving program.
> 5.	Cancelling Your Participation: If you no longer wish to participate in the Microsoft Rewards program, follow the instructions on the [opt out page](https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/optout?confirm=false). If you opt out, you will immediately lose all of your available points. 
> 6.	For more information see the Rewards section at support.microsoft.com ("FAQ") and refer to Rewards section in the [Microsoft service agreement](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/servicesagreement/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Offers may vary by market. 
How to earn: Microsoft Edge provides the greatest number of avenues to earn rewards points while browsing the web. 
A _search_ is the act of an individual user manually entering text for the good faith purpose of obtaining Bing search results for the user's own research purposes, and does not include any query that's entered by a bot, macro, or other automated or fraudulent means of any kind ("Search").
An _acquisition_ is the process of purchasing goods or downloading and acquiring a license for digital content from Microsoft, whether free or paid ("Acquisition"). Rewards points are not offered for every purchase from Microsoft. Microsoft may offer additional opportunities to earn points from time to time, and each point-earning offer will not be available in perpetuity.
#### Device requirement
You need a valid Microsoft account, and your devices must meet the minimum [system requirements](https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/).
#### Redeeming your points
You may redeem your points, or you may contribute points to a listed nonprofit organization by visiting the [redeem page](https://aka.ms/redeemrewards) or by signing up for automatic contributions to non-profit organizations through a giving program.
#### Cancelling your participation
If you no longer want to participate in the Microsoft Rewards program, follow the instructions on the [opt out page](https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/optout?confirm=false). If you opt out, you will immediately lose all of your available points. 
See also:
* [Learn about Microsoft Rewards](https://support.microsoft.com/topic/learn-about-microsoft-rewards-c5ab735d-c6d9-4bb9-30ad-d828e954b6a9).
* The **Microsoft Rewards** section in the [Microsoft Services Agreement](https://www.microsoft.com/servicesagreement/).
```
* Please test the links.  The next-to-last link, I'm not able to follow the instruction " see the Rewards section at support.microsoft.com ("FAQ")", so changed it to:  `* [Learn about Microsoft Rewards](https://support.microsoft.com/topic/learn-about-microsoft-rewards-c5ab735d-c6d9-4bb9-30ad-d828e954b6a9).`
* Last link: removed /en-us per Docs Contributor Guide & doc build.
*

Reviewer: applied locally

Reviewer: A better version of the above Suggested Change has been incorped:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-2574#rewards
* Also makes "How to earn" a heading.

@majenny you can Resolve this thread.  Distinct issue: you might want to test links at bottom of this h2 section, the links assume you're signed in, which I'm not (I should enter a comment to drive that).  Ihab helped set up my previous machine to partly use Rewards UI & a test account; that involved several locations, so I'm not attempting that level of testing on this machine.

Microsoft Edge WebDriver allows developers to drive the Microsoft Edge browser using the [WebDriver protocol](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver2/).  The Microsoft Edge WebDriver is an executable file `msedgedriver.exe` separate from Microsoft Edge. Developers can call the driver from  client code, such as a test script.  By default, Microsoft Edge WebDriver sends diagnostic data such as the status of the [New Session WebDriver command](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver2/#new-session) to Microsoft.  To turn off the diagnostic data collection for Microsoft Edge WebDriver, set the `MSEDGEDRIVER_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT` environment variable to `1`.  For more information about Microsoft Edge WebDriver, see [Use WebDriver to automate Microsoft Edge automation](/microsoft-edge/webdriver-chromium).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Rewards

Reviewer: @majenny move Rewards section to the 'R' section instead of between 'M' and 'N' section - or change heading to "Microsoft Rewards"

gh rendered section:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/majenny/ComposePrivacy/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md#rewards

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Rewards

Microsoft Rewards (the "Program") enables you to earn redeemable points for activities such as qualified searches, acquisitions, and other offers from Microsoft. These points can then be redeemed for gift cards or non-profit donations or automatic contributions to subscriptions. Microsoft Edge has built-in support for all existing avenues for earning points and also introduces new and exclusive means to earn more than ever. You can easily track your points, and stay up-to-date with limited period offers to get the most out of the program.

For non-members, Microsoft Edge presents personalized joining offers based on the page you're on. Once you engage and choose to enroll, Microsoft Edge uses your Microsoft account identity to sign you up and start the rewards service.  The rewards service automatically adds points to your account for searching, playing, and shopping on Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Edge doesn't send your personal information or browsing data to any third-party services.

> Periodically, Edge could also offer custom browsing streak offers for just browsing on Edge for a few minutes every day for a limited period. You can track your streak progress; points earned and discover new offers on the [Rewards dashboard](https://rewards.bing.com/) or the action center on the Edge sidebar. 

Reviewer: done locally in my new branch w/ same name

> Periodically, Edge could also offer custom browsing streak offers for just browsing on Edge for a few minutes every day for a limited period. You can track your streak progress; points earned and discover new offers on the [Rewards dashboard](https://rewards.bing.com/) or the action center on the Edge sidebar. 

Reviewer: in Files Changed tab, it now reads:

Microsoft Edge periodically offers custom browsing streak offers, for browsing on Microsoft Edge for a few minutes every day for a limited period. You can track your streak progress; points earned and discover new offers on the [Rewards dashboard](https://rewards.bing.com/) or in the **Action center** in the Microsoft Edge sidebar.

that has a stray semicolon.  I will enter a [fresh comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2574/files#r1275380346) (Suggested Change).

@majenny you can Resolve the present comment.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Rewards

Microsoft Rewards (the "Program") enables you to earn redeemable points for activities such as qualified searches, acquisitions, and other offers from Microsoft. These points can then be redeemed for gift cards or non-profit donations or automatic contributions to subscriptions. Microsoft Edge has built-in support for all existing avenues for earning points, and also introduces new and exclusive means to earn more points. You can track your points, and you can stay up-to-date with limited period offers to get the most out of the program.

For non-members, Microsoft Edge presents personalized joining offers based on the page you're on. Once you engage and choose to enroll, Microsoft Edge uses your Microsoft account identity to sign you up and start the rewards service.  The rewards service automatically adds points to your account for searching, playing, and shopping on Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Edge doesn't send your personal information or browsing data to any third-party services.

The Rewards dashboard (`rewards.bing.com`):

![Rewards Dashboard UI](./index-images/rewardsdashboard.png)

> The **Action center** in the Microsoft Edge sidebar:
> 
> ![Rewards Sidebar UI](./index-images/rewardssidepane.png)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Rewards

Microsoft Rewards (the "Program") enables you to earn redeemable points for activities such as qualified searches, acquisitions, and other offers from Microsoft. These points can then be redeemed for gift cards or non-profit donations or automatic contributions to subscriptions. Microsoft Edge has built-in support for all existing avenues for earning points, and also introduces new and exclusive means to earn more points. You can track your points, and you can stay up-to-date with limited period offers to get the most out of the program.

For non-members, Microsoft Edge presents personalized joining offers based on the page you're on. Once you engage and choose to enroll, Microsoft Edge uses your Microsoft account identity to sign you up and start the rewards service.  The rewards service automatically adds points to your account for searching, playing, and shopping on Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Edge doesn't send your personal information or browsing data to any third-party services.

> Microsoft Edge periodically offers custom browsing streak offers for a limited period, for browsing on Microsoft Edge for a few minutes every day. You can track your streak progress, track your points earned, and discover new offers on the [Rewards dashboard](https://rewards.bing.com/) or in the **Action center** in the Microsoft Edge sidebar.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Rewards

Microsoft Rewards (the "Program") enables you to earn redeemable points for activities such as qualified searches, acquisitions, and other offers from Microsoft. These points can then be redeemed for gift cards or non-profit donations or automatic contributions to subscriptions. Microsoft Edge has built-in support for all existing avenues for earning points, and also introduces new and exclusive means to earn more points. You can track your points, and you can stay up-to-date with limited period offers to get the most out of the program.

For non-members, Microsoft Edge presents personalized joining offers based on the page you're on. Once you engage and choose to enroll, Microsoft Edge uses your Microsoft account identity to sign you up and start the rewards service.  The rewards service automatically adds points to your account for searching, playing, and shopping on Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Edge doesn't send your personal information or browsing data to any third-party services.

> Microsoft Edge periodically offers custom browsing streak offers, for browsing on Microsoft Edge for a few minutes every day for a limited period. You can track your streak progress; points earned and discover new offers on the [Rewards dashboard](https://rewards.bing.com/) or in the **Action center** in the Microsoft Edge sidebar.

Reviewer: i will enter here a Suggested Change ... to fix ;

Reviewer: you can Resolve this comment thread, had to enter a neighboring one

> Microsoft Edge periodically offers custom browsing streak offers, for browsing on Microsoft Edge for a few minutes every day for a limited period. You can track your streak progress; points earned and discover new offers on the [Rewards dashboard](https://rewards.bing.com/) or in the **Action center** in the Microsoft Edge sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge periodically offers custom browsing streak offers for a limited period, for browsing on Microsoft Edge for a few minutes every day. You can track your streak progress, track your points earned, and discover new offers on the [Rewards dashboard](https://rewards.bing.com/) or in the **Action center** in the Microsoft Edge sidebar.
```
* Use verb parallelism in mid-sentence list.  
* Move "for a limited period" where it fits best.  Tech review this change @majenny

The Rewards dashboard (`rewards.bing.com`):

![Rewards Dashboard UI](./index-images/rewardsdashboard.png)

The **Action center** in the Microsoft Edge sidebar:

![Rewards Sidebar UI](./index-images/rewardssidepane.png)

> Rewards is an opt-in program. To turn off all Rewards experiences and data sharing, go to `edge://settings/profiles/rewards`, and then in the **Microsoft Rewards** section, turn off the **Earn Microsoft Rewards in Microsoft Edge** toggle:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Rewards is an opt-in program. To turn off all Rewards experiences and data sharing, go to `edge://settings/profiles/rewards`, and turn off the **Earn Microsoft Rewards in Microsoft Edge** setting.
```

Reviewer: fyi/fwiw: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/t/toggle

Number of times "toggle" is used in some way in the live article: 17
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/

Reviewer: current result in Files Changed tab:
Rewards is an opt-in program. To turn off all Rewards experiences and data sharing, go to `edge://settings/profiles/rewards`, and turn off the **Earn Microsoft Rewards in Microsoft Edge** setting.

![Rewards Settings UI](./index-images/rewardssettings.png)

Offers may vary by market. 

#### How to earn

Microsoft Edge provides the greatest number of avenues to earn rewards points while browsing the web.

A _search_ is the act of an individual user manually entering text for the good faith purpose of obtaining Bing search results for the user's own research purposes, and does not include any query that's entered by a bot, macro, or other automated or fraudulent means of any kind ("Search").

An _acquisition_ is the process of purchasing goods or downloading and acquiring a license for digital content from Microsoft, whether free or paid ("Acquisition"). Rewards points are not offered for every purchase from Microsoft. Microsoft may offer additional opportunities to earn points from time to time, and each point-earning offer will not be available in perpetuity.

> #### Device requirements

Reviewer: @majenny - as part of Review process, pls test the links in remainder of this section.
The links assume you're signed in, which I'm not (I should enter a comment to drive that). Ihab helped set up my previous machine to partly use Rewards UI & a test account; that involved several locations, so I'm not attempting that level of testing on this machine.

> To use the Rewards program, you need a valid Microsoft account, and your devices must meet the minimum [system requirements](https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/).

Reviewer 4: Is this the correct link for system requirements?

Reviewer: https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/ -- I'm not Signed In to that page.  I end up at https://account.microsoft.com/account/Account?ru=https%3A%2F%2Faccount.microsoft.com%2Frewards%2F&destrt=rewards-dashboard
which has a mid-page Sign In button and big heading:
It’s all here with Microsoft account
Your Microsoft account connects all your Microsoft apps and services.
Sign in to manage your account.

Author: Checked with author Lasya - she wants this sentence removed.

Reviewer: @majenny maybe remove heading above it - confirmed:
rendered section:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-2574#device-requirements

Author: Done

InPrivate and Guest mode browsing data does not sync to your Microsoft account.  However, favorites created during InPrivate sessions are synced across your signed-in versions of Microsoft Edge.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Tab organization

> Microsoft Edge can offer helpful suggestions on how to organize tabs to save you time and keep you focused on the web content you care about. These suggestions augment the built in Tab Grouping feature built into Microsoft Edge.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge offers helpful suggestions on how to organize tabs to save you time and keep you focused on the web content you care about. These suggestions augment the Tab Grouping feature that's built into Microsoft Edge.  
```
* "offers" - tightened.
* dup "built-in"

> When two or more tabs are grouped together, Microsoft Edge sends information about the tabs including the Title and URL to the service over HTTPS.  This information is used to generate a relevant name for the Tab Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When two or more tabs are grouped together, Microsoft Edge sends information about the tabs, including the Title and URL, to the Tabs service over HTTPS.  This information is used to generate a relevant name for the Tab Group.
```
* is the name of the service "Tabs service"?

![TabGroupUI](./media/tabgrouping1.gif)

> Additionally, you can choose to have Microsoft Edge auto-group all of your tabs using the “Group Similar Tabs” feature from the Tab Action Menu.  In addition to the Title and URL, Microsoft Edge will also send information on which tabs opened another, and a timestamp on when a tab was opened.  This additional data allows the service to more accurately suggest Tab Groups to organize your tabs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also choose to have Microsoft Edge auto-group all of your tabs using the “Group Similar Tabs” feature from the Tab Action Menu.  In addition to the Title and URL, Microsoft Edge will also send information on which tabs opened another, and a timestamp on when a tab was opened.  This additional data allows the service to more accurately suggest Tab Groups to organize your tabs. 
```
* "also" - Acrolinx would suggest simpler word than "additionally".

> ![AutoTabGroupUI](./media/tabgrouping2.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Auto Tab Group UI](./media/tabgrouping2.gif)
```
gh rendered section:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/majenny/ComposePrivacy/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md#tab-organization

Reviewer: confirmed fixed.  also, in my local branch for my PR, fixed tabgroupui above.

> The Microsoft Edge Tab organization service is enabled by default and can be disabled in the Privacy settings: edge://settings/privacy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Edge Tab organization service is enabled by default, and can be disabled in the Privacy settings: `edge://settings/privacy`.
```

> ![TabGroupSettingsUI](./media/tabgroupsettings.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Tab Group settings UI](./media/tabgroupsettings.png)
```
gh rendered section:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/majenny/ComposePrivacy/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md#tab-organization

Reviewer: confirmed fixed

> 

Reviewer: A fresh tabgroupsettings.png you can use:
![tabgroupsettings](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/assets/45407486/bbbefda1-5e10-4272-a2f8-7b9574779c5e)
59.9 KB (61,386 bytes)
1039 x 463 px

* Light mode, per this repo's convention.

Reviewer: confirmed fixed:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-2574#tab-organization

> When disabled, Tab Groups can still be created, but will be given a generic name (eg: “Group 1”) when created and will likely need you to rename for context.  The option to automatically Group Similar Tabs within the Tab Action Menu will be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Tab Organization service is turned off, Tab Groups can still be created, but will be given a generic name such as **Group 1**, and you can rename the tab group to be more descriptive.  The option to automatically Group Similar Tabs within the Tab Action Menu will be disabled.
```

Reviewer: confirmed fixed

InPrivate and Guest mode browsing data does not sync to your Microsoft account.  However, favorites created during InPrivate sessions are synced across your signed-in versions of Microsoft Edge.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Tab organization

Microsoft Edge offers helpful suggestions on how to organize tabs to save you time and keep you focused on the web content you care about. These suggestions augment the Tab Grouping feature that's built into Microsoft Edge.

When two or more tabs are grouped together, Microsoft Edge sends information about the tabs, including the Title and URL, to the Tabs service over HTTPS.  This information is used to generate a relevant name for the Tab Group.

> ![Tab Group UI](./index-images/tabgrouping1.gif)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can also choose to have Microsoft Edge auto-group all of your tabs, by using the **Group Similar Tabs** feature from the **Tab Action** menu.  In addition to the Title and URL, Microsoft Edge also sends information about which tabs opened another tab, and a timestamp of when a tab was opened.  This additional data allows the service to more accurately suggest Tab Groups, to organize your tabs. 

> ![Auto Tab Group UI](./index-images/tabgrouping2.gif)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Tab organization

Microsoft Edge offers helpful suggestions on how to organize tabs to save you time and keep you focused on the web content you care about. These suggestions augment the Tab Grouping feature that's built into Microsoft Edge.

When two or more tabs are grouped together, Microsoft Edge sends information about the tabs, including the Title and URL, to the Tabs service over HTTPS.  This information is used to generate a relevant name for the Tab Group.

![Tab Group UI](./index-images/tabgrouping1.gif)

You can also choose to have Microsoft Edge auto-group all of your tabs, by using the **Group Similar Tabs** feature from the **Tab Action** menu.  In addition to the Title and URL, Microsoft Edge also sends information about which tabs opened another tab, and a timestamp of when a tab was opened.  This additional data allows the service to more accurately suggest Tab Groups, to organize your tabs. 

![Auto Tab Group UI](./index-images/tabgrouping2.gif)

> The Microsoft Edge Tab organization behavior is turned on by default. To turn this behavior off, use the **Privacy, search, and services** settings (`edge://settings/privacy`) > **Services** section > **Let Microsoft Edge help keep your tabs organized** toggle:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Edge Tab organization behavior is turned on by default. To turn this behavior off, go to `edge://settings/privacy` and under **Services** turn off the **Let Microsoft Edge help keep your tabs organized** Setting.
```
